---
type: page
title: Book an hour of screen-sharing with Benjie
---

import { Calendly } from "../components/Calendly";
import Image from "next/image";

<div style={{maxWidth: '52rem', margin: 'auto'}}>

<p style={{ textAlign: "center" }}>
  <Image
    width="140"
    height="140"
    style={{ display: "inline-block", borderRadius: "50%", overflow: "hidden" }}
    src="/img/avatar.jpg"
    alt="Benjie Gillam"
  />
</p>

# Schedule an hour with Benjie

#### Benjie is a community funded open source developer; maintainer of the [Graphile suite of OSS tools](https://github.com/graphile) for GraphQL, Node.js and PostgreSQL; and a member of the GraphQL Technical Steering Committee.

You can book an hour of screen sharing [below](#book). During the call, you can
ask Benjie question related to your GraphQL, Node.js and/or PostgreSQL
projects. Benjie will try and help you, and may point you to relevant
documentation and examples, speak about various practices that can be
applied, talk about tooling that may help, help you debug problems in
your code, write small code samples, etc.

To get the most out of our call, please prepare a list of discussion
points/questions beforehand (do not send them), make sure you have a
development environment set up you can use to demonstrate any issues,
and make sure your code is committed so that edits can be easily
tracked.

Calls are held on Zoom; you will be emailed an invitation soon after
booking (please get in touch via team at graphile dot com if you don't
receive it within 30 minutes). You may invite up to 9 of your colleagues
to join you on the call, and you may record the Zoom session (but we
accept no responsibility if the recording does not work). Since this is
an ad-hoc conversation with no preparation or review process, neither
Benjie nor Graphile Ltd. can accept any responsibility or liability for
actions taken during or as a result of the call. Any information or code
received should be validated and evaluated critically before being acted
upon/used.

<a name="book" />

<Calendly />

</div>
